feat(deletePattern): high impact deletion pattern (#7433)
carbon-design-system/ibm-products: packages/ibm-products-web-components/src/patterns/delete/delete.mdx

- [cds-button](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-button--overview)

## Example

### High impact deletion

A high-impact deletion cannot be reversed. The action would result in a significant loss for a user if done accidentally.

When deleting is high-impact, a confirmation dialog should be presented to the user which displays:

- The name of the resource
- Consequences of the deletion
- This action cannot be undone.
- An editable text field for the name of the resource to be entered

For high-impact scenarios, a user should confirm the action by manually entering the name of the resource. The ‘Delete’ button is enabled when the text entered perfectly matches the resource name.

<Canvas layout="fullscreen" >
  <Story of={deleteStories.highImpactDeletion} />
</Canvas>

### Medium impact deletion or removal

A medium-impact deletion is one that cannot be reversed, but would not be catastrophic if done accidentally. When deleting is medium-impact, a confirmation dialog should be presented to the user which displays:

- The name of the resource
- Consequences of the deletion
- The action cannot be undone.

>  

Reviewer: The medium-impact deletion and removal patterns are largely the same with only minor adjustments to the language.

Author: I've added notes under the 'Medium and Low Priority Deletion' sections to indicate this.

<Canvas layout="fullscreen" >
  <Story of={deleteStories.mediumImpactDeletion} />
</Canvas>

### Low impact deletion

Requiring the user to confirm deletion is generally recommended. However, in low impact situations, or when an ‘undo’ option is available, user confirmation may not be required.

<Canvas layout="fullscreen" >
  <Story of={deleteStories.lowImpactDeletion} />
</Canvas>

> ### Remove pattern
> 
> The medium and low impact 'Remove' patterns are similar to their corresponding 'Delete' patterns, with the only difference being the use of 'Remove' instead of 'Delete' in the text.
> 
> 'Remove' fits better when the action is reversible or not truly destructive. 

Reviewer: I wonder if designers have some feedback on how we organize the remove pattern? It might be easier to include these as part of the “X-impact” sections like you started to with “Medium-impact deletion.”

If we do keep this section, I’d recommend some small adjustments to start.

```suggestion
### Remove pattern

The medium and low-impact removal patterns are similar to their corresponding deletion patterns, with the only difference being the usage of “remove” or “delete“ in the text.

Use “remove” when the action is reversible or not truly destructive. 
```
